Add ceremony to add 0x3041 to the 0x2A82 multisig. (#2)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: eth/1-add-0x3041-to-0x2A82/README.md

# Add 0x3041 to the 0x2A82 multisig

> Status: DRAFT, NOT_READY_TO_SIGN

Reviewer: I think this should be final after I've approved?

The domain hash (item 4 in the signing output above) should match the Tenderly `domainSeparator`.

For this ceremony, the hash should be 0x462891ca8f7777ee79e5fe4366d0577864fdf00769c59e345303b084bf0cf38d:

![](./images/domain-hash.png)

#### 6.2. The message hash

The data hash to sign (item 3 in the signing output) should match the

> data field when checking the signatures. Example where data is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message hash to sign (below item 4 in the signing output) should match the
message field when checking the signatures. Example where the message hash is
```

0xbd19b32a5cbf3cdb557327bd20851b9de8232ab4353f5911bac6b7d95724b700:

![](./images/message-hash.png)

#### 6.3. The state changes

Now click on the ‘State’ tab. Verify that the ‘Before’ and ‘After’
values under ‘State Changes’ implements the Objective above and no

> other changes are made.

Reviewer: This came up in the signer removal rehearsal, and will appear in any removal or adding simulation. 

```suggestion
other changes are made. Note that it will appear as if the threshold is currently `1`, this is a side effect of the state overrides which are necessary to simulate the transaction. The important thing is that the new threshold matches the updated value of `3`.
```
